Update docker-install.md fixing broken link (#4948)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/core/docker-install.md

### Prerequisites
* You've installed Docker. For more information, see the [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/) site.

> * You understand which database adapter(s) you need. For more information, see [About dbt adapters](installation-overview.md#about-dbt-data-platforms-and-adapters).

Reviewer: fixing link by adding relative path
```suggestion
* You understand which database adapter(s) you need. For more information, see [About dbt adapters](/docs/core/installation-overview#about-dbt-data-platforms-and-adapters).
```
